[SEP-6] Add types to /info deposits, update description for withdrawal (#1433)
stellar/stellar-protocol: ecosystem/sep-0006.md

| `refund_memo_type`   | string                  | (optional) The type of the `refund_memo`. Can be `id`, `text`, or `hash`. See the [memos](https://developers.stellar.org/docs/encyclopedia/memos) documentation for more information. If specified, `refund_memo` must also be specified.                                                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| `customer_id`        | string                  | (optional) id of an off-chain account (managed by the anchor) associated with this user's Stellar account (identified by the JWT's `sub` field). If the anchor supports [SEP-12], the `customer_id` field should match the [SEP-12] customer's id. `customer_id` should be passed only when the off-chain id is know to the client, but the relationship between this id and the user's Stellar account is not known to the Anchor.                                   |

> | `location_id`        | string                  | (optional) id of the chosen location for cash pick up cash                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `location_id`        | string                  | (optional) id of the chosen location to pick up cash                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

| `claimable_balance_supported` | string                  | (optional) `true` if the client supports receiving deposit transactions as a claimable balance, `false` otherwise.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `customer_id`                 | string                  | (optional) id of an off-chain account (managed by the anchor) associated with this user's Stellar account (identified by the JWT's `sub` field). If the anchor supports [SEP-12], the `customer_id` field should match the [SEP-12] customer's id. `customer_id` should be passed only when the off-chain id is know to the client, but the relationship between this id and the user's Stellar account is not known to the Anchor.                                   |

> | `location_id`                 | string                  | (optional) id of the chosen location for cash pick up cash                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `location_id`                 | string                  | (optional) id of the chosen location to drop off cash                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
```

The response should be a JSON object like:

```json
{
  "deposit": {
    "USD": {
      "enabled": true,
      "authentication_required": true,
      "min_amount": 0.1,
      "max_amount": 1000,

>       "types": {
>         "location": {
>           "fields": {
>             "id": {
>               "description": "ID of location user must visit to pick up cash"
>             }
>           }

Reviewer: I think the example should be something like:

```suggestion
      "types": {
        "cash": {
          "fields": {
            "location_id": {
              "description": "ID of location user must visit to pick up cash"
            }
          }
```

Reviewer: Same for the other examples

      "min_amount": 0.1,
      "max_amount": 1000,
      "types": {
        "bank_account": {
          "fields": {
              "dest": {"description": "your bank account number" },
              "dest_extra": { "description": "your routing number" },
              "bank_branch": { "description": "address of your bank branch" },
              "phone_number": { "description": "your phone number in case there's an issue" },
              "country_code": {
                "description": "The ISO 3166-1 alpha-3 code of the user's current address",
                "choices": ["USA", "PRI"]
              }
          }

>         },

Reviewer: To confirm, we're removing this because the `bank_account` type is requesting the user's KYC info like phone number and bank account number right? And we want them to do this via SEP-12?

Don't we still need the client to provide the `type=bank_account` query parameter though, so the anchor knows to request bank account fields in the `GET /customer` response? If that is the case, then we need to do something like this:

```
"bank_account": {}
```

This signals that the type should be passed but there are no extra fields that need to passed in the transaction creation request.

Author: If we do it like described above, that would mean that we accept field named `bank_account` with empty body though, am I wrong? 
We still have `type` in the request, it should be used as before

Reviewer: > If we do it like described above, that would mean that we accept field named bank_account with empty body though, am I wrong?

On what endpoint would anchors accept a `"bank_account": {}` key-value pair from wallet requests? I'm referring to the fact that `GET /info` responses should have all possible values of the `type` query parameter as keys. So we shouldn't remove the entire `bank_account` object, just the items within the object, since no additional parameters should be sent to the anchor other than the `type` parameter in that case.

- `authentication_required`: Optional. `true` if client must be [authenticated](#authentication) before accessing the
  deposit endpoint for this asset. `false` if not specified.
- `fields` (**Deprecated**, Accepting personally identifiable information through request parameters is a security risk
  due to web server request logging. KYC information should be supplied to the Anchor via SEP-12. For extra fields `types` should be used) `fields` object is
  explained below.
- `types`: a field with each type of deposit supported for that asset as a key. Each type can specify a `fields`
  object as below explaining what fields are needed and what they do. Anchors can define custom fields if
  necessary. If a `types` object is not specified, the wallet should assume that no extra fields are needed for that
  type of deposit. In the case that the Anchor requires additional fields for a deposit, it should set the
  transaction status to `pending_customer_info_update`. The wallet can query the `/transaction` endpoint to get the

>   fields needed to complete the transaction in `required_customer_info_updates` and then use

Reviewer: This stops mid-sentence. I also think you mean `pending_transaction_info_update` and `required_info_updates`.

}
```

### Extra object schema

This object is used to pass any additional info to the anchor. Anchors are free to add any field to this object. Anchors

> should notify wallets about fields they are expecting to receive. However, it's recommended to submit a change to this

Reviewer 2: How will Anchors communicate this to the wallet? Should the schema be included in the `/info` response?

Author: The idea was that this field should be rarely used, and if it is used, anchor should contact wallet directly or print comprehensive error message. 
However, adding schema to `/info` sounds like a good idea. We can only allow simple objects as part of `extra` to simplify definition of the schema
